okay so we're going to show you how to
make very inexpensive trees called
puffball trees that's them there and you
would use these on your layout when
you've got a large area to cover in the
background they're very cheap ends up
being just a couple a couple of cents so
how do we make these you're going to
need this stuff here which is called
poly fiber I usually buy a big bag like
this from my promote you can see that
I've only used hardly any out of the bag
and already I've probably made about
three to four hundred puffball tree so
you get a lot out of these next thing
you're going to need is your sunny turf
I use the course turf but you can use
the find one if you want depending on
what sort of tree I usually get a
mixture of the light green and the dark
room these are the 32 ounce bottles
there about eight nine dollars depends
where you get them from I usually then
mix the two of those into just a of ice
cream container there'll be enough there
to do probably about 400 of these trees
so they're very economical get a little
bit of your white blue and some water so
I've got a couple of trays here all
you're going to do is going to get your
Bible like this just pull a bit out roll
it try it on your tray like that's very
very simple once you've got a whole heap
it ok so I put a bit of white glue in
here the mixture is about 50 50
depending on how hot a coal that is in
the day fairly cold here today just mix
it up with a brush yeah if you're
adverse to getting your hands a little
bit wet and dirty and scenic foamy and
glowy and this probably isn't for you
this does that be a bit messy but
doesn't matter ok so once that's done
just going to roll that in there squeeze
it out as such put it in there you can
fluff it up a bit if you want let's roll
it around in our scenic foam
and set it on your tray repeat very
simple so as you can see it doesn't take
long to get quite a few of these done me
a little couple of notes that I've
noticed here what about the thickness of
the glue as I said if it's a cold day
make it a little bit thicker rather than
thinner and only pour out as much of
this scenic foam as you reckon you're
going to use in the session because of
course you're going to get a bit of glue
in this scenic foam and if you're not
going to use it for a while let it
become all clumpy so only poor it what
you need and you can mix this however
you want it lighter darker whatever and
there you go with your puffle trees
they'll usually dry overnight and then
you can just stick them to your lair and
when I get them on the layout i'll show
you further that's it thanks